h1. FBLA Website Design Submission

My team's submission for the 2015-2016 FBLA(Future Business Leaders of America) Website Design event. My team members were "Michael":https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100008942864514&fref=ts and "Asmit":https://www.facebook.com/asmit.biswas?fref=ts. Credit to the "RailsApps open source project":http://railsapps.github.io/ for providing a starter Rails/Devise project for me to base my code off of.

h4. Website Theme

The theme of the website design event this year was as follows: 

You have been hired by a new restaurant owner who is offering both a bakery and
restaurant for gluten-free products. Being gluten- and wheat-free is considered the norm
in today’s society. The owner, who is gluten-free, decided to get funding to open a business.
The entrepreneur specializes in making baked goods from breads to muffins and pastries,
as well as simple lunch or dinner menu items for the casual diner who is gluten- and/or
wheat-free. The owner has hired one of the top pastry and restaurant chefs in the area
with experience in gluten- and wheat-free foods. Develop a company identity including
a name and logo that has a cohesive design structure to be used throughout the website.
The site should have elements typical of a restaurant, including but not limited to:
• Menus
• Contact Information and Hours of Operation
• Make a Reservation Online
• About Us
• Preferred Customer Loyalty Program
• Reviews

Further event details can be found "here":http://www.fbla-pbl.org/files/2814/4609/8701/projects_and_presentations.pdf

h4. Basic Website Details

This website is built using Ruby on Rails, and the following notable gems:
* "Devise":https://github.com/plataformatec/devise for user management and authentication
* "will_paginate":https://github.com/mislav/will_paginate
* "bootstrap_form":https://github.com/bootstrap-ruby/rails-bootstrap-forms

In addition, "Bootstrap":http://getbootstrap.com/ was used to help style the website, and the font used was "Asiago":http://www.dafont.com/asiago.font

It is hosted on Heroku, and can be viewed "here":https://morning-castle-12769.herokuapp.com/